OSDOCS-4906: Updating oc-mirror docs for OCI FBC GA (#58552)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-support.adoc

The oc-mirror plugin supports mirroring {product-title} payload images and Operator catalogs for {product-title} versions 4.9 and later.

Use the latest available version of the oc-mirror plugin regardless of which versions of {product-title} you need to mirror.

// TODO: Remove this in 4.14
[IMPORTANT]

> ====
> If you used the Technology Preview OCI feature for the oc-mirror plugin for OpenShift Container Platform 4.12, you can no longer use the oc-mirror OCI feature to download Operator catalogs from a registry and them save to disk in OCI format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====
If you used the Technology Preview OCI feature for the oc-mirror plugin for OpenShift Container Platform 4.12, you can no longer use the oc-mirror OCI feature to download Operator catalogs from a registry and then save to disk in OCI format.
```

Author: Oof good catch thanks.

However, should I replace this statement with your suggested wording in the other file?

```suggestion
====
If you used the Technology Preview OCI feature for the oc-mirror plugin for OpenShift Container Platform 4.12, you can no longer use the OCI feature of the oc-mirror plugin to create an image set archive as a first step to mirroring to a fully disconnected cluster.
```

Reviewer: Yes, good idea. 
I'm hoping we'll have concensus on a better flag/feature name soon, so that it also helps the general understanding.

> If you used the Technology Preview OCI feature for the oc-mirror plugin for OpenShift Container Platform 4.12, you can no longer use the OCI feature of the oc-mirror plugin to create an image set archive as a first step to mirroring to a fully disconnected cluster.

Reviewer: In 4.12, it wasnt creating a tar... it was just copying the catalog in oci format to the disk (with a bit of preparing the content - like filtering operators, etc): but all in all something closer to what `skopeo copy` would do, rather than a proper image set archive
```suggestion
If you used the Technology Preview OCI feature for the oc-mirror plugin for OpenShift Container Platform 4.12, you can no longer use the OCI feature of the oc-mirror plugin to copy a catalog locally and convert it to oci format as a first step to mirroring to a fully disconnected cluster.
```

Author: Thanks, will update the few other places we have this statement as well
